Forge Standard Library docs (#207)
foundry-rs/book: src/cheatcodes/README.md

Cheatcodes give you powerful assertions, the ability to alter the state of the EVM, mock data, and more.

> To enable a cheatcode you call designated functions on the cheatcode address: `0x7109709ECfa91a80626fF3989D68f67F5b1DD12D`, often refered to as 'Hevm'.

Reviewer: The "Hevm" name is a leftover from DappTools and we don't really refer to it as such anywhere in Forge

```suggestion
To enable a cheatcode you call designated functions on the cheatcode address: `0x7109709ECfa91a80626fF3989D68f67F5b1DD12D`.
```

> You can access Hevm easily via `vm` available in Forge Standard Library's [`Test`](../reference/forge-std/#forge-stds-test).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access cheatcodes easily via `vm` available in Forge Standard Library's [`Test`](../reference/forge-std/#forge-stds-test) contract.
```
